labels support docs update (#913)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml/yaml-getting-started.md

          - name@example.com
      scripts:
        - echo 'Post-publish script'
    labels:

>        - My first label name

Reviewer: we use 2 spaces everywhere and let's provide better name to make it self-descriptive

          - name@example.com
      scripts:
        - echo 'Post-publish script'

>       labels:

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused. Are labels part of `publishing` or are they defined at the workflow level (as in the example below) or are both supported?

Author: Updated [PR](https://github.com/codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs/pull/913/commits/c90e4253b75e66cd931ef11d3a0f16c2df514386)

Reviewer 2: `labels` are still under `publishing` and not directly under `workflow` here.

        fi
```

### Labels

> You may use `codemagic.yaml` to define several list of labels for your apps. This will allow you to white label your apps and is visible in `/builds` dashboard page and `/app/<app-id>/build/<build-id>` pages. As shown in the snippet below, labels also support environment variables as value and goes under a workflow.

Reviewer 2: Nice, but I think it can be improved a little. We will first support displaying the labels and then soon after also filtering builds based on them. We'll update this part in docs when needed.
```suggestion
You may use `codemagic.yaml` to define labels for your apps. Labels serve as additional information about the workflow you are building and are helpful when you have multiple versions of a workflow, e.g. when you build white label apps. The labels are visible on the `/builds` and `/app/<app-id>/build/<build-id>` pages. As shown in the snippet below, labels also support environment variables.
```

Working directory paths are relative to the repository clone directory, e.g. if `mobile` is the working directory, then the script will be executed in `/Users/builder/clone/mobile`.

Note that you can specify an absolute path as a working directory as well.

### Labels

> You may use `codemagic.yaml` to define several labels for your builds. Labels also supports environment variables as shown in the snippet below.

Reviewer: `Labels also supports` - grammar?

```yaml
workflows:
  sample_workflow:

>      name: My Workflow

Reviewer: 2 spaces

Working directory paths are relative to the repository clone directory, e.g. if `mobile` is the working directory, then the script will be executed in `/Users/builder/clone/mobile`.

Note that you can specify an absolute path as a working directory as well.

### Labels

> You may use `codemagic.yaml` to define several labels for your builds. Labels also support environment variables as shown in the snippet below.

Reviewer 2: What's missing for me here is information about why is this useful and what can I do with them after I define them

```yaml
workflows:
  sample_workflow:
    name: My Workflow

>       labels:

Reviewer: `labels` should be on the same level as workflow name
